## Introduction

This project is designed for students to apply their knowledge to real-world applications. Students are expected to design and implement a database-supported online application. For example: an online retailer (Amazon), an online auction (eBay), a social network site (Facebook), and etc. Be creative!

- **Task 1: System design: system architecture, functions, ER diagrams, database structures, interface, etc.**
- **Task 2: Implementation: PHP + MySQL suggested.**

Note: you can use any programming language and SDK. However, you should NOT use any open-source or third-party code, except for HTML generated by WYSIWYG editors.

## Project Report
The project report is to show what you did in the project, especially, how you designed and implemented your system. **The first interim report** shall include overall system design, ER diagram and (logical) database design. **The final report** shall include everything (introduction, design, system architecture, implementation, testing, etc.). In the final project report, you are allowed (and suggested) to reuse the contents in report 1.

## Project Log (Optional)
With each report, please include a project log, which describes your activities in this project.

## Project Presentation (May 3)
Projects will be presented during the last 2 weeks of the class. Each presentation is expected to be 4 minutes long, including a **project presentation (with slides)** and a **short demonstration** that takes about 2 minutes.

## Grading (20 points total)
- Report 1: 3 points
- Final report, performance, and code quality: 14 points
- Presentation: 3 points
